Fixed #35591 -- Added warning to runserver about being unsuitable for production. (#18435)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.txt

Management Commands
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> * :djadmin:`runserver` has an extra warning about it's suitability for production.
>   A command line argument (``--hide-unsuitable-for-production``) and environment
>   variable (``HIDE_PRODUCTION_WARNING``) have been added to hide this warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new warning is printed to the console when running :djadmin:`runserver` that
  ``runserver`` is unsuitable for production. This warning can be hidden by
  setting the :envvar:`HIDE_PRODUCTION_WARNING` environment variable to
  ``"true"``.
```
